Master : what made me curious to watch master was neither Vijay nor Vijay sethupathi. It was purely for Lokesh Kangaraj as his earlier two movies were mind blowing and of course Kaithi was an ultimate movie which remains as a top listed movies on my "Ultimate movies list". 
Coming to the movie Master - nothing really fascinated me of what I was expecting esp from Director Lokesh. I could not expect anything new from Vijay coz every movie of his is the same from acting to similar scenes and also the utilisation of other actors in his movie are of with less screen space and the worst thing is the same continued with Master as well. Now coming to VJS his performance in this movie was excellent as expected but again not much of screen space and the very worst thing was  only at the end Vijay and VJS meet and end up fighting.
As for the plot - something new related to the Juvenile prisoners and how they are been targeted and utilized for illegal activities. 
Story was good but other scenes in the movie was really unrelated and mainly good actors hardly hardly hardly really wanted to emphasize the word hardly here because lack of screen space ( Shantanu, Andrea and few minor actors were they had a major role in other movies). 
From the beginning till the end movie is filled only with fighting scenes, every scene that Vijay meets a new person ends up fighting and the same goes with VJS role as well. 
Finally an overview of the movie :
Story : Average
Vijay performance : Bad ( As usual)
VJS performance : Good but should have had more screen space and also with Vijay as well.
Music : Good
A long wait especially for Lokesh Kangaraj went in vain.

Master is an upcoming Indian Tamil-language action-thriller film directed by Lokesh Kanagaraj, who also wrote the screenplay along with Rathna Kumar and Pon Parthiban. The film stars Vijay and Vijay Sethupathi, with Malavika Mohanan, Arjun Das, Andrea Jeremiah and Shanthanu Bhagyaraj in supporting roles. It was produced by Xavier Britto, under his maiden production studio XB Film Creators, with Lalit Kumar and Jagadish Palaniswamy co-producing the film; the former also distributed the film under the banner Seven Screen Studios.

The film was launched under on August 2019, whereas principal photography commenced on October 2019 and ended on February 2020. Filming took place at Delhi, Chennai and Karnataka. Originally launched under the tentative title Thalapathy 64, the official title Master was announced on 31 December 2019. The music is composed by Anirudh Ravichander, while cinematography and editing are performed by Sathyan Sooryan and Philomin Raj respectively.

Master was initially planned for theatrical release on 9 April 2020, but was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in India. The makers of the film preferred to wait for a theatrical release, despite the digital streaming rights being sold to Prime Video. By the end of December 2020, the film was confirmed for theatrical release on 13 January 2021, a day before Pongal. The film received mixed to positive reviews from critics and audiences as well, praising performances of the lead cast especially Vijay’s and Vijay Sethupathi’s, but criticised the film’s excessive length and slow pace.


But the film starrer Vijay and Vijay Sethupathi over acting, and the film is only for Vijay fans because of illogical fighting and mass scenes, As a neutral fan i didn't like this film because Lokesh is a great upcoming Director but because of Actor Vijay's huge fan base he made this film for Vijay fans only like DARBAR which is directed bu A R Murugadas is also a mass film without any story line which became flop.

One of the biggest hit which was released in Theatres and as usual I had least hope with this one for the sole reason of its main lead, Vijay yet gave it a go for Vijay Setupathy.

The movie is all and all about Vijay as Professor in college who has some disturbed past where he is the apple of eye for all the students as he supports them wholeheartedly. He moves to juvenile facility as a teacher where he finds these kids are being used for drug business by Vijay Setupathy. The rest of the movie is good vs evil.

Vijay is in his element and provides what his fan following demands him to do with notjing to be bragged about performance. On the other hand, Vijay Setupathy as always is brilliant as antagonist and female lead Malavika Mohanan is just an ornament to the narrative with nothing to offer and Andrea Jeremiah in extended cameo does her part well. The series of other cast with limited role does well with what has been asked from them.

The way how screenplay is written is highly incoherent and this masala potboiler makes you cringe. Other than Vaathi Coming by Anirudh, the music is poor to the say the least. The over to the top background score is literally noise and gives you headache.

With all the hullabaloo around and praises from right left and center it is dreadfully long and tiring movie. I suggest everyone to keep yourself away from this and utilise your time for something better.

I have watched the movie Master. At first I thought it would have been Vijay's intro but it all started with a sudden twist of VJS where they focused on VJS more instead at the start. 
As for Vijay's intro it was rather obvious it was him; nth new for or his usual movies. A heavy drinker who get intoxicated and just forgets himself. Not much of a role for him. His dialogue giving was mass here and there. 
But total mass was VJS his acting was first class. As for songs they came out without any link prior for the movie or scenes. No love or romance which made the movie less interesting his comical which was his trademark wasn't there just bit by bit. 
Two actress in that very movie but none had the strength within. Andrea she seem more like his school or college friend while the other was from some college investigator or smth (might as well they have not starred) first half was nice and perfect while the other half was too lengthy for the story line; too much unnecessary plots and fight scenes.
 I won't say a MASS movie alot was expected but it all ended up in vain disappointment.The kabbadi part was awesome for his ghilli bgm but otherwise a movie that can be watched once for VJS. And importantly the whole movie was for mere 3 hours which could have been reduced to like 2hr plus movie. 
 A student becomes professor a person who is a drunkard(makes me laugh) oh and the lorry part fight was totally not needed. Characters are not fully used and brought their potential out. They should have limited the number of actors in that very movie the movie was. A total slow down perhaps too lengthy for the second half. 
 It was much expected movie that all was awaiting for. I really feel pity for Vijay fans. One part he will be drinking immensely then the other part he would have stopped drinking which was rather childish. Master wasn't a blockbuster as mentioned but a movie watchable once. 
 Total regret and disappointment. Vathi Coming expected alot but after watching I had no words. I don't know how it was rated for 4.5 over 5 when the movie was total screwed up. And imbd rating was 8 out of 10 were those people drunk or smth. Bus body was buff but not as fit.
  And another thing without having any love scenes he narratted movie love scenes and parts which was rather stupid maybe foolish I would say. Instead of falling in love which never happened which makes a question mark of why it wasn't in the movie.
   I won't say a flop bit an entertainer movie watchable for once. VJS was more mass then Vijay in that very movie where he would be dead for no reasons.
   
   This movie is a perfect example of how a director can make bad quality movie inspite of having 2 big star and huge budget.
This is not blockbuster. It's a pure disaster .

I felt I was watching a short movie made with full of bad tiktok stars.

I am a Vijay fan from my childhood yet giving 1 star because the movie was that bad. Unnecessary drama and scenes to make Vijay look cool. And they kept Vijay flashback a suspense from the beginning of the movie and then nasar tells the flash back in less than 20 seconds and it dint even make any sense.
For some reason Vijay sethupathi acting was also not upto mark. There is no acting or change in expressions 
I slept twice before completing the movie 

Coming to BGM, it was so bad. For all fight scenes they put stupid bgms,  even sad scenes dint seem sad.  
Anirudh lost his charm.. but I must thank him for putting me and my friends to sleep with his bgm.

Theri thuppaki was all a good quality movies 
But this one is a complete contrast in every element 
Acting 
Songs 
Bgm 
Screen play
Detailing 
Not even one element was good to appreciate.
Only few juvenile kids did a good acting. 
Vijay need to do a good job in choosing right script. 
Only thing I enjoyed watching in this entire movie was the cat 🐈 ..they should have shown it more. Or put some scenes to teach society abt importance of adopting pets and how to treat them. 
Sad thing, the cat would have thought why am I even in this movie with no purpose. He carried the cat to jail (doesn't make sense ) but director would have asked to carry it so he can drop in a shock and he drops it down there thats it.. He never try to even get that back. What type of pet parent would do that. Director wanted some property to show shocking reaction of Vijay and he used poor cat 🐈. 
I am very disappointed with this movie. I had so much expectations on director after watching Kathi movie.

People who still dare to watch this movie make sure you have some tea or coffee ready with you to avoid falling asleep in between. 

Hoping that atleast next time Vijay ll give a good movie. Thats what fans expect.

Horrible movie. Everyone seems to be stuck in time like a good decade or two back. 
So so cliched story, mannerisms, image gimmicks, etc. There's no character depth to Vijay at all. He ends up looking silly. 
Sethupathi role looks v predictable from beginning, ex he told that 'i will give 2 min time' dailogue some 100 times. Uff! What these directors think ya. 
Heroine is a joke role, they don't even think what will audience think to include her role just like that. 
And I wonder why these directors never feel that 3 hrs of this will be torture to audiences. 
Ofcourse they want to show even 4 hrs if people like us are ready. TN fans should stop discouraging such stereotype mass movies, that era is over with Rajnikanth.
 Vijay going shirtless is another biggest joke, he was looking half baked n saggy like some of us at home, y show that torture. Yappa lokesha..change ur profession swami!
