The big ticket Pongal blockbuster which literally kick-started the ailing exhibition business down South (post Covid pandemic) premiered online on Amazon Prime last Friday just two weeks after its theatrical success. Whether in a cinema hall or your own home theatre, Master spearheaded by Thalapathy Vijay and Vijay Sethupathi is an out and out action packed entertainer worth your time and money. No doubt about that!!
Yup, there are plenty of cheer-worthy moments here to satisfy both the Vijay's fans. Most importantly, the film's basic theme and screenplay is unique and thoroughly engaging even with its run time of close to three hours. 
Playing an alcoholic master assigned to reform a juvenile prison, Thalapathy (meaning Leader) Vijay is super cool whether telling a "kutty" story to his rowdy students or arousing their conscience in the penultimate scene. Top class!!
Vijay Sethupathi, as the ex- juvenile convict turned gangster Bhavani, is a perfect foil to his namesake co-star and his characterization of a street smart toughie is simply awesome. The guy is totally rocking as a goon who can knock out anyone with just a single punch. In one scene, the film portrays him like a devil with horns - the way it is done will surely bring a smile on your face.
The film's highlight includes some superbly executed action sequences specially the climax, Anirudh's aptly tuned score and last but not the least, the style and swag of the two warring Vijays. I loved their first meet and the interesting tyrst with a pen. Haha!! 
I have never missed any of Vijay's releases in the last few years, and that alone should confirm I'm a big fan. He has arrived this year with a new action entertainer called MASTER, and needless to say, it's his usual stuff, and that's a good thing, because his "usual" stuff in my opinion is really good value for money. You can spend three hours replete with his "mass" hero charisma, hair-raising elevation moments, crazy dance moves and above all, breathtaking action sequences, and won't regret it. Especially when life in the last few months has turned upside down for so many of us.

In that case, seeing Vijay playing another action hero role where he fights, dances, delivers at least one intense speech and even makes you cry, is a sign that life is starting to come back to normal. I have to appreciate the makers for going ahead with the theatrical release and then not waiting to release it on OTT because that way, both them and us viewers are satisified. Director Lokesh Kanagaraj doesn't really give you another one-night story as he did in Kaithi, but adds his own touch to the typical Vijay film by toning down subplots, only hinting at romance instead of devoting a whole first half to it and focusing on adrenaline-fueled violent action that doesn't shy from being gory and crunchy, although only as per plot demands.

The music here is equally praiseworthy as it keeps elevating the film to sky-high levels from time to time. Be it the emotional or the action-packed moments, Anirudh Ravichander deserves applause for his top-notch compositions. As for the performances, Vijay of course is in his usual mass avatar and lives up to the character. He's indeed one of the reasons to watch this film and his expressions continue to impress here. Vijay Sethupathi is truly menacing as the antagonist, and gets to have an intense screen presence at the same time. Arjun Das performs brilliantly and there are times you will hate his character. Malavika Mohanan's performance and characterization come across as a breathe of fresh air, both in terms of execution and delivery. Andrea Jeremiah surprisingly doesn't have much to do for the most part, but is impressive whenever she's on screen.

On the downside, Master's climax (not the ending) is a bit of a letdown. I know that this is a just a popcorn action movie and not some investigative crime thriller that requires you to think, but some of the dialogue in the climax is pretty cliche and disappointing, especially when you've been treated to such a great characterization for the rest of the film. Nevertheless, that's just one flaw. The film was indeed long, but again, props to Kanagaraj for not needlessly stretching the film. It's long only because there's an actual story going on.

Overall, MASTER is a full-on treat for action lovers all over the world. You get three hours of nonstop action without holding back, and a lot more only Vijay fans will better understand. Since it's on Prime now, I'd recommend watching it if you like the genre or any of the leading actors. Trust me, the way Kanagaraj has breathed life and freshness into a typical hero-villain story is a proof that "mass" action movies are here to stay, and perhaps just the need of the hour. If you are new to this kind of fun, give it a try. If you're used to it, you still won't regret spending close to three hours with another Vijay "master"piece.
Mega Blockbuster Master 2021 Master  Pongal  Master The Blaster Theatrical Great and Lovely Experience After Long Time I watched.

Mega Blockbuster 2021 Today I Watched Master  Tamil Full Film In theatres. Great and Phenomenal Film. Thalapathy Vijay anna S Character He Plays JD John Duraiaj and Vaathi Double action Class and Mass Role. Makkal Selvan Vijay Setupathi Plays  Bhavani Action Mass Role.
Other Cast and Crew Members- Malavika Mohan Great and Beautiful Performance Her Style, Cute, Charming Her Eyes and Lovely and Beautiful Character Chaaru Malavika Mohan Beautiful Performance I loved it. Andrea Jeramiah Great and Beautiful Performance Her Style Elegance Smart  Genius and Her Eyes and Lovely and Beautiful Character Andrea Jeramiah Beautiful Performance I loved it.
Gowri Kishan  Great and beautiful Performance Jaanu Vibes Beautiful and Cute performance 96 Fame Student and Master student I loved it.
Ramya Great and Beautiful Performance Her Sighting With malavika Mohan is a Close Bonding They Both have a Beautiful and Wonderful Heart Touching Bond I Loved Their Screen Presence.
Shantanu Bhagyraj (Bhargav) Superb and Amazing performance.
Mahendran s Character  a Surprising One Child hood Amazing and Superb Performance.
Thalapathy vijay anna Great and Semma Mass Entertaining Stylish Class and Mass Performance Jd Character and Vaathi  Character Semma Perfect Combo Thalapathy Plays Dual Double Action Role so Best Performance From JD John Durai Thalapathy Vijay anna I loved it.
Makkal Selvan Vijay Setupathi Great and Semma Gangster Entertaining Stylish and Mass Performance.  Bhavani Vijay Sethupathi I loved it as Well.
Lokesh Kanagaraj s Direction Perfect Phenomenal and Great Direction I loved it .
Verdict- Master Tamil Film Phenomenal and Great Film  Benchmark achievement Milestone A Master Pongal Festival With Great Storyline and A Phenomenal  and  Action Mass  Entertaining ride Film.
I enjoyed it.
I loved it.

Master - A Brilliant Example of a Perfect Cat & Mouse Action-Thriller! Director Lokesh gave us a promise that 'Master' will break the clichés that a 'Typical Thalapathy Movie' usually has & he kept his promise!

Master is a clash between A Protagonist & An Antagonist, but it isn't your usual clash that you see in many other Tamil Movies. Here, the story is different. Lokesh has written the Character of the Antagonist 'Bhavani' with the same amount of Brilliance & Power that the Protagonist 'JD' has!

Vijay Sethupathi has nailed his role as the Devilish Antagonist & whenever he appears on the screen, it's a blast! All the mannerisms, dialogue delivery & emotions he delivered through his character was spot-on!

Last but not least, our very own 'Thalapathy' has once again proven his prowess as an Excellent Actor! The Fanboy inside me rejoiced when he broke his clichés. The dialogues, the fights, the expressions & the character of 'JD' in itself was unique & broke all the stereotypes! I adored every moment he lived as 'John Durairaj' on the screen!

The technical crew of 'Master' deserves a standing ovation for the extraordinary work they've done! The Background Score of Master was one of the best compositions of Anirudh in his career! He was the second Protagonist in the movie! Sathyan Sooriyan's visuals were another Highlight! The cinematography was Top-notch & Unique!

Special Praises to Stunt Master 'Silva' for giving us Classy & Realistic Action Sequences! The Action Scenes & stunts in Master were as Amazing as Thuppakki & that's a Big Statement!

Overall, Master is a 50% Lokesh Film & 50% Thalapathy Vijay's Film! I don't think 'anyone' would hate this movie! It's the best blend of MASS & CLASS in a Movie!

Keep expectations low and watch, its a good movie with a simple story, the story takes form very slow and characters of both run parallel.. 
VJS has done his usual mass natural style acting while Vijay has tried a lot different style and mannerisms. It was just so warming and astonishing to see an actor like Vijay to play a normal role(non heroic/little real), tried to, in comparison to some of his recent; 
VJS has got the hero type character in the movie though negative role.
The climax scene in comparison to the whole movie is just gone a whole another level, VJS and VJ is just competing and acting. VJ won with his variations nd VJS gud with his action and dialogue style.
Just for efforts and performances of the actors can can be watched again nd again and thanx a ton for not making the movie dramatic with emotional scenes(like in theri) while also conveying messages just appropriate
The team could have not hyped it so much and shown all good scenes to us before as promo and trailer.
Spcl mentions: jr.jaanu, shantanu and kutti payan,das was gud.  Andrea (cameo?)gud but y tho, new prfssr could hav had sme mre combo screen presence(nice)

Thalapathy is terrific as expected. His fit physique (unleashing an extended bare body sequence in the climax), an immense sense of style and swag, agility in action scenes, and emotional acting skills will be a feast to not just ardent fans of the star but even class audiences. The usual Vijayisms (social messages, punch dialogs, extravagant mannerisms) are kept under check though they are still effective inclusions. The star makes his political stance clear and also mouths noteworthy points about alcohol addiction.

Vijay Sethupathi proves yet again that he is an uninhibited performer of the highest order. He seems to have no rules or boundaries to limit his craft! Unlike Petta, he isn’t made a mockery of in the end. Despite being a hardcore villain, we’d still like Bhavani due to Sethupathi’s charming performance.

Its an Amazing Movie with Enormous Thrills n Joy... Vijay Sethupati Sir's Acting exceeded Vijay Sir's Acting... Actually Both are Awsm..  But Vijay Sethupati's Villain Role was so Damn Realistic... And The Movie had a Good story telling with Action Swag n Everything In a Well Set Sequences With a Great Msg to Child kidnapers n Child criminals That they still have a Chance to Change... Summa Gethu dan... Lockdown kapron if something made feel Better its this Movie...

