The big ticket Pongal blockbuster which literally kick-started the ailing exhibition business down South (post Covid pandemic) premiered online on Amazon Prime last Friday just two weeks after its theatrical success. Whether in a cinema hall or your own home theatre, Master spearheaded by Thalapathy Vijay and Vijay Sethupathi is an out and out action packed entertainer worth your time and money. No doubt about that!!
Yup, there are plenty of cheer-worthy moments here to satisfy both the Vijay's fans. Most importantly, the film's basic theme and screenplay is unique and thoroughly engaging even with its run time of close to three hours. 
Playing an alcoholic master assigned to reform a juvenile prison, Thalapathy (meaning Leader) Vijay is super cool whether telling a "kutty" story to his rowdy students or arousing their conscience in the penultimate scene. Top class!!
Vijay Sethupathi, as the ex- juvenile convict turned gangster Bhavani, is a perfect foil to his namesake co-star and his characterization of a street smart toughie is simply awesome. The guy is totally rocking as a goon who can knock out anyone with just a single punch. In one scene, the film portrays him like a devil with horns - the way it is done will surely bring a smile on your face.
The film's highlight includes some superbly executed action sequences specially the climax, Anirudh's aptly tuned score and last but not the least, the style and swag of the two warring Vijays. I loved their first meet and the interesting tyrst with a pen. Haha!! 
I have never missed any of Vijay's releases in the last few years, and that alone should confirm I'm a big fan. He has arrived this year with a new action entertainer called MASTER, and needless to say, it's his usual stuff, and that's a good thing, because his "usual" stuff in my opinion is really good value for money. You can spend three hours replete with his "mass" hero charisma, hair-raising elevation moments, crazy dance moves and above all, breathtaking action sequences, and won't regret it. Especially when life in the last few months has turned upside down for so many of us.

In that case, seeing Vijay playing another action hero role where he fights, dances, delivers at least one intense speech and even makes you cry, is a sign that life is starting to come back to normal. I have to appreciate the makers for going ahead with the theatrical release and then not waiting to release it on OTT because that way, both them and us viewers are satisified. Director Lokesh Kanagaraj doesn't really give you another one-night story as he did in Kaithi, but adds his own touch to the typical Vijay film by toning down subplots, only hinting at romance instead of devoting a whole first half to it and focusing on adrenaline-fueled violent action that doesn't shy from being gory and crunchy, although only as per plot demands.

The music here is equally praiseworthy as it keeps elevating the film to sky-high levels from time to time. Be it the emotional or the action-packed moments, Anirudh Ravichander deserves applause for his top-notch compositions. As for the performances, Vijay of course is in his usual mass avatar and lives up to the character. He's indeed one of the reasons to watch this film and his expressions continue to impress here. Vijay Sethupathi is truly menacing as the antagonist, and gets to have an intense screen presence at the same time. Arjun Das performs brilliantly and there are times you will hate his character. Malavika Mohanan's performance and characterization come across as a breathe of fresh air, both in terms of execution and delivery. Andrea Jeremiah surprisingly doesn't have much to do for the most part, but is impressive whenever she's on screen.

On the downside, Master's climax (not the ending) is a bit of a letdown. I know that this is a just a popcorn action movie and not some investigative crime thriller that requires you to think, but some of the dialogue in the climax is pretty cliche and disappointing, especially when you've been treated to such a great characterization for the rest of the film. Nevertheless, that's just one flaw. The film was indeed long, but again, props to Kanagaraj for not needlessly stretching the film. It's long only because there's an actual story going on.

Overall, MASTER is a full-on treat for action lovers all over the world. You get three hours of nonstop action without holding back, and a lot more only Vijay fans will better understand. Since it's on Prime now, I'd recommend watching it if you like the genre or any of the leading actors. Trust me, the way Kanagaraj has breathed life and freshness into a typical hero-villain story is a proof that "mass" action movies are here to stay, and perhaps just the need of the hour. If you are new to this kind of fun, give it a try. If you're used to it, you still won't regret spending close to three hours with another Vijay "master"piece.
Mega Blockbuster Master 2021 Master  Pongal  Master The Blaster Theatrical Great and Lovely Experience After Long Time I watched.

Mega Blockbuster 2021 Today I Watched Master  Tamil Full Film In theatres. Great and Phenomenal Film. Thalapathy Vijay anna S Character He Plays JD John Duraiaj and Vaathi Double action Class and Mass Role. Makkal Selvan Vijay Setupathi Plays  Bhavani Action Mass Role.
Other Cast and Crew Members- Malavika Mohan Great and Beautiful Performance Her Style, Cute, Charming Her Eyes and Lovely and Beautiful Character Chaaru Malavika Mohan Beautiful Performance I loved it. Andrea Jeramiah Great and Beautiful Performance Her Style Elegance Smart  Genius and Her Eyes and Lovely and Beautiful Character Andrea Jeramiah Beautiful Performance I loved it.
Gowri Kishan  Great and beautiful Performance Jaanu Vibes Beautiful and Cute performance 96 Fame Student and Master student I loved it.
Ramya Great and Beautiful Performance Her Sighting With malavika Mohan is a Close Bonding They Both have a Beautiful and Wonderful Heart Touching Bond I Loved Their Screen Presence.
Shantanu Bhagyraj (Bhargav) Superb and Amazing performance.
Mahendran s Character  a Surprising One Child hood Amazing and Superb Performance.
Thalapathy vijay anna Great and Semma Mass Entertaining Stylish Class and Mass Performance Jd Character and Vaathi  Character Semma Perfect Combo Thalapathy Plays Dual Double Action Role so Best Performance From JD John Durai Thalapathy Vijay anna I loved it.
Makkal Selvan Vijay Setupathi Great and Semma Gangster Entertaining Stylish and Mass Performance.  Bhavani Vijay Sethupathi I loved it as Well.
Lokesh Kanagaraj s Direction Perfect Phenomenal and Great Direction I loved it .
Verdict- Master Tamil Film Phenomenal and Great Film  Benchmark achievement Milestone A Master Pongal Festival With Great Storyline and A Phenomenal  and  Action Mass  Entertaining ride Film.
I enjoyed it.
I loved it.

Master - A Brilliant Example of a Perfect Cat & Mouse Action-Thriller! Director Lokesh gave us a promise that 'Master' will break the clichés that a 'Typical Thalapathy Movie' usually has & he kept his promise!

Master is a clash between A Protagonist & An Antagonist, but it isn't your usual clash that you see in many other Tamil Movies. Here, the story is different. Lokesh has written the Character of the Antagonist 'Bhavani' with the same amount of Brilliance & Power that the Protagonist 'JD' has!

Vijay Sethupathi has nailed his role as the Devilish Antagonist & whenever he appears on the screen, it's a blast! All the mannerisms, dialogue delivery & emotions he delivered through his character was spot-on!

Last but not least, our very own 'Thalapathy' has once again proven his prowess as an Excellent Actor! The Fanboy inside me rejoiced when he broke his clichés. The dialogues, the fights, the expressions & the character of 'JD' in itself was unique & broke all the stereotypes! I adored every moment he lived as 'John Durairaj' on the screen!

The technical crew of 'Master' deserves a standing ovation for the extraordinary work they've done! The Background Score of Master was one of the best compositions of Anirudh in his career! He was the second Protagonist in the movie! Sathyan Sooriyan's visuals were another Highlight! The cinematography was Top-notch & Unique!

Special Praises to Stunt Master 'Silva' for giving us Classy & Realistic Action Sequences! The Action Scenes & stunts in Master were as Amazing as Thuppakki & that's a Big Statement!

Overall, Master is a 50% Lokesh Film & 50% Thalapathy Vijay's Film! I don't think 'anyone' would hate this movie! It's the best blend of MASS & CLASS in a Movie!

Keep expectations low and watch, its a good movie with a simple story, the story takes form very slow and characters of both run parallel.. 
VJS has done his usual mass natural style acting while Vijay has tried a lot different style and mannerisms. It was just so warming and astonishing to see an actor like Vijay to play a normal role(non heroic/little real), tried to, in comparison to some of his recent; 
VJS has got the hero type character in the movie though negative role.
The climax scene in comparison to the whole movie is just gone a whole another level, VJS and VJ is just competing and acting. VJ won with his variations nd VJS gud with his action and dialogue style.
Just for efforts and performances of the actors can can be watched again nd again and thanx a ton for not making the movie dramatic with emotional scenes(like in theri) while also conveying messages just appropriate
The team could have not hyped it so much and shown all good scenes to us before as promo and trailer.
Spcl mentions: jr.jaanu, shantanu and kutti payan,das was gud.  Andrea (cameo?)gud but y tho, new prfssr could hav had sme mre combo screen presence(nice)

Thalapathy is terrific as expected. His fit physique (unleashing an extended bare body sequence in the climax), an immense sense of style and swag, agility in action scenes, and emotional acting skills will be a feast to not just ardent fans of the star but even class audiences. The usual Vijayisms (social messages, punch dialogs, extravagant mannerisms) are kept under check though they are still effective inclusions. The star makes his political stance clear and also mouths noteworthy points about alcohol addiction.

Vijay Sethupathi proves yet again that he is an uninhibited performer of the highest order. He seems to have no rules or boundaries to limit his craft! Unlike Petta, he isn’t made a mockery of in the end. Despite being a hardcore villain, we’d still like Bhavani due to Sethupathi’s charming performance.

Its an Amazing Movie with Enormous Thrills n Joy... Vijay Sethupati Sir's Acting exceeded Vijay Sir's Acting... Actually Both are Awsm..  But Vijay Sethupati's Villain Role was so Damn Realistic... And The Movie had a Good story telling with Action Swag n Everything In a Well Set Sequences With a Great Msg to Child kidnapers n Child criminals That they still have a Chance to Change... Summa Gethu dan... Lockdown kapron if something made feel Better its this Movie...

Master : what made me curious to watch master was neither Vijay nor Vijay sethupathi. It was purely for Lokesh Kangaraj as his earlier two movies were mind blowing and of course Kaithi was an ultimate movie which remains as a top listed movies on my "Ultimate movies list". 
Coming to the movie Master - nothing really fascinated me of what I was expecting esp from Director Lokesh. I could not expect anything new from Vijay coz every movie of his is the same from acting to similar scenes and also the utilisation of other actors in his movie are of with less screen space and the worst thing is the same continued with Master as well. Now coming to VJS his performance in this movie was excellent as expected but again not much of screen space and the very worst thing was  only at the end Vijay and VJS meet and end up fighting.
As for the plot - something new related to the Juvenile prisoners and how they are been targeted and utilized for illegal activities. 
Story was good but other scenes in the movie was really unrelated and mainly good actors hardly hardly hardly really wanted to emphasize the word hardly here because lack of screen space ( Shantanu, Andrea and few minor actors were they had a major role in other movies). 
From the beginning till the end movie is filled only with fighting scenes, every scene that Vijay meets a new person ends up fighting and the same goes with VJS role as well. 
Finally an overview of the movie :
Story : Average
Vijay performance : Bad ( As usual)
VJS performance : Good but should have had more screen space and also with Vijay as well.
Music : Good
A long wait especially for Lokesh Kangaraj went in vain.

Master is an upcoming Indian Tamil-language action-thriller film directed by Lokesh Kanagaraj, who also wrote the screenplay along with Rathna Kumar and Pon Parthiban. The film stars Vijay and Vijay Sethupathi, with Malavika Mohanan, Arjun Das, Andrea Jeremiah and Shanthanu Bhagyaraj in supporting roles. It was produced by Xavier Britto, under his maiden production studio XB Film Creators, with Lalit Kumar and Jagadish Palaniswamy co-producing the film; the former also distributed the film under the banner Seven Screen Studios.

The film was launched under on August 2019, whereas principal photography commenced on October 2019 and ended on February 2020. Filming took place at Delhi, Chennai and Karnataka. Originally launched under the tentative title Thalapathy 64, the official title Master was announced on 31 December 2019. The music is composed by Anirudh Ravichander, while cinematography and editing are performed by Sathyan Sooryan and Philomin Raj respectively.

Master was initially planned for theatrical release on 9 April 2020, but was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in India. The makers of the film preferred to wait for a theatrical release, despite the digital streaming rights being sold to Prime Video. By the end of December 2020, the film was confirmed for theatrical release on 13 January 2021, a day before Pongal. The film received mixed to positive reviews from critics and audiences as well, praising performances of the lead cast especially Vijay’s and Vijay Sethupathi’s, but criticised the film’s excessive length and slow pace.


But the film starrer Vijay and Vijay Sethupathi over acting, and the film is only for Vijay fans because of illogical fighting and mass scenes, As a neutral fan i didn't like this film because Lokesh is a great upcoming Director but because of Actor Vijay's huge fan base he made this film for Vijay fans only like DARBAR which is directed bu A R Murugadas is also a mass film without any story line which became flop.

One of the biggest hit which was released in Theatres and as usual I had least hope with this one for the sole reason of its main lead, Vijay yet gave it a go for Vijay Setupathy.

The movie is all and all about Vijay as Professor in college who has some disturbed past where he is the apple of eye for all the students as he supports them wholeheartedly. He moves to juvenile facility as a teacher where he finds these kids are being used for drug business by Vijay Setupathy. The rest of the movie is good vs evil.

Vijay is in his element and provides what his fan following demands him to do with notjing to be bragged about performance. On the other hand, Vijay Setupathy as always is brilliant as antagonist and female lead Malavika Mohanan is just an ornament to the narrative with nothing to offer and Andrea Jeremiah in extended cameo does her part well. The series of other cast with limited role does well with what has been asked from them.

The way how screenplay is written is highly incoherent and this masala potboiler makes you cringe. Other than Vaathi Coming by Anirudh, the music is poor to the say the least. The over to the top background score is literally noise and gives you headache.

With all the hullabaloo around and praises from right left and center it is dreadfully long and tiring movie. I suggest everyone to keep yourself away from this and utilise your time for something better.

I have watched the movie Master. At first I thought it would have been Vijay's intro but it all started with a sudden twist of VJS where they focused on VJS more instead at the start. 
As for Vijay's intro it was rather obvious it was him; nth new for or his usual movies. A heavy drinker who get intoxicated and just forgets himself. Not much of a role for him. His dialogue giving was mass here and there. 
But total mass was VJS his acting was first class. As for songs they came out without any link prior for the movie or scenes. No love or romance which made the movie less interesting his comical which was his trademark wasn't there just bit by bit. 
Two actress in that very movie but none had the strength within. Andrea she seem more like his school or college friend while the other was from some college investigator or smth (might as well they have not starred) first half was nice and perfect while the other half was too lengthy for the story line; too much unnecessary plots and fight scenes.
 I won't say a MASS movie alot was expected but it all ended up in vain disappointment.The kabbadi part was awesome for his ghilli bgm but otherwise a movie that can be watched once for VJS. And importantly the whole movie was for mere 3 hours which could have been reduced to like 2hr plus movie. 
 A student becomes professor a person who is a drunkard(makes me laugh) oh and the lorry part fight was totally not needed. Characters are not fully used and brought their potential out. They should have limited the number of actors in that very movie the movie was. A total slow down perhaps too lengthy for the second half. 
 It was much expected movie that all was awaiting for. I really feel pity for Vijay fans. One part he will be drinking immensely then the other part he would have stopped drinking which was rather childish. Master wasn't a blockbuster as mentioned but a movie watchable once. 
 Total regret and disappointment. Vathi Coming expected alot but after watching I had no words. I don't know how it was rated for 4.5 over 5 when the movie was total screwed up. And imbd rating was 8 out of 10 were those people drunk or smth. Bus body was buff but not as fit.
  And another thing without having any love scenes he narratted movie love scenes and parts which was rather stupid maybe foolish I would say. Instead of falling in love which never happened which makes a question mark of why it wasn't in the movie.
   I won't say a flop bit an entertainer movie watchable for once. VJS was more mass then Vijay in that very movie where he would be dead for no reasons.
   
   This movie is a perfect example of how a director can make bad quality movie inspite of having 2 big star and huge budget.
This is not blockbuster. It's a pure disaster .

I felt I was watching a short movie made with full of bad tiktok stars.

I am a Vijay fan from my childhood yet giving 1 star because the movie was that bad. Unnecessary drama and scenes to make Vijay look cool. And they kept Vijay flashback a suspense from the beginning of the movie and then nasar tells the flash back in less than 20 seconds and it dint even make any sense.
For some reason Vijay sethupathi acting was also not upto mark. There is no acting or change in expressions 
I slept twice before completing the movie 

Coming to BGM, it was so bad. For all fight scenes they put stupid bgms,  even sad scenes dint seem sad.  
Anirudh lost his charm.. but I must thank him for putting me and my friends to sleep with his bgm.

Theri thuppaki was all a good quality movies 
But this one is a complete contrast in every element 
Acting 
Songs 
Bgm 
Screen play
Detailing 
Not even one element was good to appreciate.
Only few juvenile kids did a good acting. 
Vijay need to do a good job in choosing right script. 
Only thing I enjoyed watching in this entire movie was the cat 🐈 ..they should have shown it more. Or put some scenes to teach society abt importance of adopting pets and how to treat them. 
Sad thing, the cat would have thought why am I even in this movie with no purpose. He carried the cat to jail (doesn't make sense ) but director would have asked to carry it so he can drop in a shock and he drops it down there thats it.. He never try to even get that back. What type of pet parent would do that. Director wanted some property to show shocking reaction of Vijay and he used poor cat 🐈. 
I am very disappointed with this movie. I had so much expectations on director after watching Kathi movie.

People who still dare to watch this movie make sure you have some tea or coffee ready with you to avoid falling asleep in between. 

Hoping that atleast next time Vijay ll give a good movie. Thats what fans expect.

Horrible movie. Everyone seems to be stuck in time like a good decade or two back. 
So so cliched story, mannerisms, image gimmicks, etc. There's no character depth to Vijay at all. He ends up looking silly. 
Sethupathi role looks v predictable from beginning, ex he told that 'i will give 2 min time' dailogue some 100 times. Uff! What these directors think ya. 
Heroine is a joke role, they don't even think what will audience think to include her role just like that. 
And I wonder why these directors never feel that 3 hrs of this will be torture to audiences. 
Ofcourse they want to show even 4 hrs if people like us are ready. TN fans should stop discouraging such stereotype mass movies, that era is over with Rajnikanth.
 Vijay going shirtless is another biggest joke, he was looking half baked n saggy like some of us at home, y show that torture. Yappa lokesha..change ur profession swami!
 
 In summary, this movie is so bad, perhaps if we invert it, it will be brilliant.

Sadly, a waste of time. And also, who let this film happen?? And also, can I have my money and time back and maybe some assistance paying for hearing aids please?!? It seems like the creator/writer/director/producer had a wacky, loopy dream that he decided would make an awesome film... because it made sense in his head...at the time. Nope. It doesn't work. But the general messyness of the idea isn't this movie's biggest issue...pushing aside the solid visuals and special effects and lots confusion and plot holes with the concept of "time inversion", it's just not a well made or entertaining film:

No character development - the makers of this production take their "reality bending" ideas a little too seriously and the authenticity of their characters is entirely lost or forgotten; couldn't care less who lived and who died at the end; not even the characters seem to know who they were to each other or why they are doing what they are doing (except for perhaps Elizabeth Debicki's character which allowed for a slightly more convincing delivery of otherwise empty lines)

Boring - despite the constant "action" mode feel of the film with lots of running, military vehicles and car smashing at any given time, the plot progresses slowly, the action and special effects get repetitive fast and ultimately, the movie is boring to watch

Horrible, heavy musical score looming over almost all of the conversation - instead of trying to trick the audience into feeling something meaningful or intriguing is taking place through blasting music, how about write a better script that actually allows the characters to say something interesting that we can buy into and you don't feel is okay to drawl in background noise/"musical" score

Heavy into inconsistent and poorly executed Pseudo "science" - not much more to say about that; I don't subscribe to "if you don't get it, that just means it's all the more brilliant and it's YOU who didn't get it, but if you want to get it you can watch it multiple times, and it will then totally make sense, because it makes sense, does that make sense?" Brainwash myself into getting "it"? No thanks. I do get what is there already. And no, it doesn't make sense. Sometimes you have to trust you know what you saw is indeed what you heard...I mean read...I mean had a nightmare about...I mean the inverted version of what you saw... 😝 Could just be me though, I also don't jump just because someone said so.

Full of overdone cliches - there's a "bad" guy who's decided to go evil for no convincing reason...oh, and he's Russian, for safe measure perhaps?!? A few "good" guys must keep running around like headless chickens or world war 3 might break out at any time, although...Hold on!! It's not a war they are preventing, it's total human anialation - another hype tactic to justify an otherwise meaningless plot. And let's not forget, fundamentally human nature is too bad for our own good...or whatever, the important thing is we are going to destroy ourselves and the world now and/or in the future, so...humans = no good = but one guy the worst = a few no good but not worst humans must do lots of running and gunning

Weak supporting characters - not a shock given the stunted growth and poor treatment of the leading characters but the supporting characters are also underdeveloped, unbelievable, and easily forgettable. The supporting characters are used as disposable tools, albeit not very effective ones.

Tenet is the rare blockbuster: Sleek, sexy, and impossibly expensive, it offers viewers the chance to experience what Alzheimer's feels like for the duration of its nearly 3 hour runtime. Blink and you miss something. Keep your eyes open and you miss something, too. 
Who IS that child the heroine never stops talking about? He never shows his face, utters a word, nor has so much as a minor on screen interaction, so one can be forgiven for not knowing (or caring) who he is, his central role in the plot be damned.
 One thing's for sure, though: Those who wear red move forwards in time, while those who wear blue, backwards. It's just physics. Thinking of genius visual guideposts like these must have distracted Nolan and crew from developing the rest of the story. 
 Anyways, a conventional story is far beneath Nolan's loftier aims: We're all better for knowing, finally, NOT to touch one's future self, should they be encountered, that fire turns to ice when one is "inverted", and that temporal pincer movements are THE way to execute any time-based attack worth its salt. 
 One question though: If the future is so pissed at us because of climate change, wouldn't they travel back in time to stop Tenet's $200million dollars worth of Hollywood carbon from entering the atmosphere? Whoa: Alzheimer's is a rush.
 
 Exciting, fast paced, relentless, a swashbuckling adventure that never let up. That's how I'd describe my visit to the toilet, by far the best part of my experience watching this movie. I've always enjoyed watching Christopher Nolan epics but for me, he really let himself down with this silly, overly complicated load of rubbish.
As for the acting, Washington lacked any kind of personality or likeability while it was strange seeing Kenneth Branagh, a great Shakespearean actor known for delivering lines like "once more into the breach" and "to be or not to be", being reduced to delivering the line; "I enjoy watching a man I hate eat his own balls". 

The film seemed to be a series of ridiculous set pieces and scenes that explain why they need to do the upcoming set piece but you can't hear what they're saying because their voices are muffled by wearing masks or by really loud music. By the 5th or 6th explanation of an upcoming set piece about half way through, I just didn't care anymore, hence my visit to the toilet.

The central driveline of the love of a mother for her child and the fact she will go to any lengths to keep the child to her, is still strong even though it has been used many times to power the heart of the movie.
 But it is not enough to sustain the momentum through 2 and a half hours of long exposition muffled by masks and loud sound effects and epic pointless battles in which the epic numbingly loud music fails to inject excitement. 
 Cat and mouse games where the protagonists plans are foiled easily by the antagonist's inside info, became tedious. Tall willowy Elizabeth Debicki works well as a vulnerable captive with hidden reserves of strength who wears her outfits well, Robert Pattinson is great as a jittery passionate warm hearted side kick. 
 Kenneth Brannagh does his best to play the sadistic ruthless antagonist and some the scenes of violence are convincing but he still Kevin. John David Washington is very two dimensional compared to these three.
 
 I win the prize for spotting the only exchange of dialogue that isn't exposition in two and a half hours of  "You have to do this thing" 
 "Why ?" "Because it will make this other thing happen" (cue the things happening -in CGI). I won't spoil the surprise but it's in the scene where Michael Caine gives his take-the-money-and-run cameo. Although there is nothing but plot, you should find it easy to identify the stock characters and allocate appropriate personalities. 
 Beautiful, skinny seven foot tall woman who has accidentally married the world's most evil arms dealer ; World's most evil arms dealer (Branagh as Sergei Meerket) ; Dependable mockney soldier who has mysteriously risen to senior officer, despite an accent that drifts from Bow Bells to Beau Bridges.
  The CIA hero is without personality so he is brilliantly cast.  Don't be put off by the cliches as they pile up or the plot points left hanging in the air like the bus in INCEPTION because apparently none of this has happened...except in the future. So can I have those two and a half hours back, please ?
  
  Tenet is the noisiest most obnoxious film I've ever sat through.
The 'plot' as near as I could see, is something to do with with the world ending because in the future someone invented a way to inverse time so objects can move backwards through time in strange ways. Ergo, people, cars, bullets etc.
It is a terrible, barely comprehensible mess. At times the deafeningly awful music is only made worse by endless loud shootouts and car chases that literally drown out the dialogue. 
But although that gave me a headache that's not the worst part.
Kenneth Branagh plays a Ukrainian Oligarch villain and puts in the worst performance of his life. A golden raspberry is guaranteed for his growling, gurning performance that comes across as more camp than threatening. The lead protagonist is played John David Washington, who was so brilliant in Black Klansman, here he looks hopelessly lost, mouthing incomprehensible dialogue that he clearly doesn't understand amid the chaos. 
Robert Pattinson comes across really well, his brave and friendly character Neil comes across as calm and reassuring, but not enough to rescue this disaster.
I will never watch another Christopher Nolan film. 
I would only recommend Tenet to people who enjoy headaches, feeling confused and being cheated out of several hours of their life.
